Tech talk 2 edits (#7)
ascend-io/ascend-community: ottos_expeditions/README.md

  3. Click on the Files icon in the top left to open the File Explorer.
  4. Click on the Otto's Expeditions project in the File Explorer.

>   5. Navigate to the profiles folder and click on prod.yaml to open the file in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Navigate to the `profiles` folder and click on `prod.yaml` to open the file in the editor.
```

  ```yaml
  profile:
    parameters:
      # TODO: If you have completed the Ascend Quickstart, you can use the same values here

      # Azure + Snowflake
      azure_key_vault_name: <your-prod-env-Azure-Key-Vault-name>
      snowflake_account: <your-prod-env-Snowflake-account-name>
      snowflake_database: ASCEND_ENV_PROD
      snowflake_schema: quickstart
      snowflake_user: ASCEND_ENV_PROD
      snowflake_role: ASCEND_ENV_PROD
      snowflake_warehouse: ASCEND_ENV_PROD
      success_rate_threshold: 50

      # GCP + BigQuery
      gcp_project_id: <your-prod-env-GCP-project-id>
      bigquery_dataset: quickstart
      success_rate_threshold: 50

    defaults:
      - kind: Flow
        name:
          regex: .*
        spec:
          data_plane:
            connection_name: my_data_plane
  ```

  7. You should now have one set of parameters (either GCP + BigQuery or Snowflake + Azure). Click **Save** to save your changes.

### Configuring your Vault

>   1. Return to the open File Explorer, navigate to the vaults folder, and open the `my_vaults.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Return to the open File Explorer, navigate to the `vaults` folder, and open the `my_vaults.yaml` file.
```

  2. Here, keep the code of the vault option you are using and delete the other.
  * If you are using GCP, delete the `azure_key_vault` block such that your file looks like this:

  ```yaml
  vault:
    gcp_secret_manager:
      project: ${parameter.gcp_project_id}
  ```
  * If you are using Azure, delete the `gcp_secret_manager` block such that your file looks like this:

  ```yaml
  vault:
    azure_key_vault:
      vault_name: ${parameter.azure_key_vault_name}
  ```

  And now you're done! You actually don't have to input the value of the vault because you did that earlier! Here's a breakdown of why (and a little bit of a sneak peek into some cool features of Ascend):
    

>   * The `${}` syntax in Ascend is a way of you passing variable values around

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `${}` syntax in Ascend is a way of you passing variable values around.
```

>   * The `parameter.<vault_name>` value is being drawn from the values you gave us in your profile. If you look closely, you'll notice `gcp_project_id` or `azure_key_vault_name` are values in the parameter list of the profile you chose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `parameter.<vault_name>` value is being drawn from the values you set in your Profile. If you look closely, you'll notice `gcp_project_id` or `azure_key_vault_name` are values in the parameter list of the Profile you chose.
```

Yeah I like this explanation a lot!

### 2. Involved Files

  To start, open the `flows/2-gear_durability_analysis` folder in the File Explorer on the left.

  - **Data Sources**: 
    - `data/expeditions.csv`
    - `data/gear_rentals.csv`
    - `data/routes.csv`
  - **Components**:
    - Read Connectors:
      - `expeditions.yaml`
      - `gear_rentals.yaml`
      - `routes.yaml`
      - `expedition_outcomes.yaml`
    - Transforms:
      - `gear_durability_analysis_transform.sql.jinja`

### 3. Flow Walkthrough
  - **Read Components**:

    In this flow we're reading data from 4 different tables. Let's take a look at each of the components for these tables:

    - Open `components/expeditions.yaml`. 
    - Open `components/gear_rentals.yaml`. 
    - Open `components/routes.yaml`. 
    - Open `components/expedition_outcomes.yaml`.
  
    These components read data from our local files. We define the connection type as `local_files` and the path to the files in the data folder. We also define the parser as a CSV parser that expects a header row for each CSV file.

  - **Data Transformation**:

    Open `components/gear_durability_analysis_transform.sql.jinja`.

>     This query joins data from the three read components to analyze the durability of different gear types. By calculating the `damage_rate`, it provides insights into the percentage of gear that was damaged during each expedition so we can ensure we're providing our customers with reliable gear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This query joins data from the four read components to analyze the durability of different gear types. By calculating the `damage_rate`, it provides insights into the percentage of gear that was damaged during each expedition so we can ensure we're providing our customers with reliable gear.
```

**Objective**: Evaluate guide performance and the success rates of expeditions.

### 1. Overview

  In this flow, you'll work with performance data to evaluate guide performance and the success rates of expeditions. We'll also work with Otto to update our transformation logic to create a `guide_name` field by combining first and last names. 

  We'll be learning about the following concepts:

>   1. How to use Otto, the Ascend AI!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. How to use Otto, your AI assistant!
```

    - Open `components/expeditions.yaml`. 
    - Open `components/weather.yaml`. 
      
    These components read data from our local files. We define the connection type as `local_files` and the path to the files in the data folder. We also define the parser as a CSV parser that expects a header row for each CSV file.

  - **Data Transformation**
    
    Open `components/weather_impact_analysis_transform.sql.jinja`.

    This query joins data from the three read components to analyze the impact of weather conditions on expedition outcomes. By calculating the `weather_impact_rate`, it provides insights into the percentage of expeditions that were affected by weather conditions.

  One important difference between this flow and the previous ones is that we're using parameters to pass the `success_rate_threshold` to the flow at runtime (See line 21). Parameters allow us to pass variables to the flow, making it more flexible and reusable.

### 4. Adjust Pipeline Parameters

  Let's say we want to adjust the pipeline parameters to enhance analysis precision. We can do this by changing the runtime parameters for the the `weather_impact_analysis_transform.sql.jinja` file.

>   To do this, we will change the parameter value located in the `prod.yaml` file in the `profiles` folder. Change the value from 50 to 75. The new profile should look like one of the following (the first if you used Azure/Snowflake or the second if you used GCP/BigQuery):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To do this, we will change the `success_rate_threshold` parameter value located in the `prod.yaml` file in the `profiles` folder. Change the value from 50 to 75. The new profile should look like one of the following (the first if you used Azure/Snowflake or the second if you used GCP/BigQuery):
```
